About Check
-----------

Check is a unit test framework for C. It features a simple interface
for defining unit tests, putting little in the way of the
developer. Tests are run in a separate address space, so Check can
catch both assertion failures and code errors that cause segmentation
faults or other signals. The output from unit tests can be used within
source code editors and IDEs.

See http://check.sourceforge.net/ for more information, including a
tutorial.

Installation
------------

To install, read the directions in INSTALL.

If you get Check out of CVS, you will need a working setup of automake
(at least version 1.9.6) and autoconf (at least version 2.59) in order
to successfully build Check.

Just do

$ autoreconf --install

in this directory to set everything up, and then call configure as
usual.

autoreconf calls all of the necessary tools for you, like autoconf,
automake, autoheader, etc.  If you ever change something during
development, run autoreconf again (without --install), and it will
perform the minimum set of actions necessary.

If you want to build the documentation, you need a docbook2html
script, which is provided by either docbook-utils or sgml2x.  It is
also available online at check.sourceforge.net.

Debian rationale for not having upstream build packages (.deb files)
--------------------------------------------------------------------

For debian, it is highly undesirable if the upstream source contains a
debian directory as this one will never be the same as the "official"
Debian one, and patching is easier if it's not around.

Sometimes upstream insists on having the possibility to build Debian
packages themselves, in which case it is best to have a debian
directory in the CVS, but not ship it when doing "make dist".

Sometimes upstream insists on shipping the debian directory to their
users so these can easily build a .deb, which is really bad because
they usually don't remmeber to change the Debian changelog and version
accordingly, and generally don't know enough about Debian policy to
make conforming packages.

So in the end you will have different broken packages compiled on
various systems floating around which all have the same version number
and look like offical packages.

  -- Robert Lemmen, 2006

The same holds for .rpm packages.  The Check maintainer for Fedora
Extras, Tom 'spot' Callaway, confirmed that they do not depend on an
upstream rpm target in Check.
